Update 102-chalk.md (#2393)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/106-nodejs-command-line-apps/101-printing-output/102-chalk.md

> # Chalk
> Chalk is used to style terminal strings
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='GitHub Repository' href='https://github.com/chalk/chalk'>chalk/chalk</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Chalk

Chalk is used to style terminal strings.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official GitHub Repository' href='https://github.com/chalk/chalk'>Chalk GitHub Repository</BadgeLink>
```
